    “Count your life by smiles, not tears. Count your age by friends, not years. Happy birthday!”
    “Happy birthday! I hope all your birthday wishes and dreams come true.”
    “A wish for you on your birthday, whatever you ask may you receive, whatever you seek may you find, whatever you wish may it be fulfilled on your birthday and always. Happy birthday!”
    “ Another adventure filled year awaits you. Welcome it by celebrating your birthday with pomp and splendor. Wishing you a very happy and fun-filled birthday!”
    “May the joy that you have spread in the past come back to you on this day. Wishing you a very happy birthday!”
    “Happy birthday! Your life is just about to pick up speed and blast off into the stratosphere. Wear a seat belt and be sure to enjoy the journey. Happy birthday!”
    “This birthday, I wish you abundant happiness and love. May all your dreams turn into reality and may lady luck visit your home today. Happy birthday to one of the sweetest people I’ve ever known.”
    “May you be gifted with life’s biggest joys and never-ending bliss. After all, you yourself are a gift to earth, so you deserve the best. Happy birthday.”
    “Count not the candles…see the lights they give. Count not the years, but the life you live. Wishing you a wonderful time ahead. Happy birthday.”
    “Forget the past; look forward to the future, for the best things are yet to come.”
    “Birthdays are a new start, a fresh beginning and a time to pursue new endeavors with new goals. Move forward with confidence and courage. You are a very special person. May today and all of your days be amazing!”
    “Your birthday is the first day of another 365-day journey. Be the shining thread in the beautiful tapestry of the world to make this year the best ever. Enjoy the ride.”
    “Be happy! Today is the day you were brought into this world to be a blessing and inspiration to the people around you! You are a wonderful person! May you be given more birthdays to fulfill all of your dreams!”
    “Happy birthday! May your Facebook wall be filled with messages from people you never talk to.”
    “You’re older today than yesterday but younger than tomorrow, happy birthday!”
    “Forget about the past, you can’t change it. Forget about the future, you can’t predict it. And forget about the present, I didn’t get you one. Happy birthday!”
    “Cheers on your birthday. One step closer to adult underpants.”
    “Happy birthday to one of the few people whose birthday I can remember without a Facebook reminder.”
    “Happy Birthday! You know, you don’t look that old. But then, you don’t look that young, either.”
    “Happy birthday to someone who is smart, gorgeous, funny and reminds me a lot of myself… from one fabulous chick to another!”
    “Don’t get all weird about getting older! Our age is merely the number of years the world has been enjoying us!”
    “As you get older three things happen. The first is your memory goes, and I can’t remember the other two. Happy birthday!”
    “To quote Shakespeare: ‘Party thine ass off!’”
    “You are only young once, but you can be immature for a lifetime. Happy birthday!”
    “On your birthday, I thought of giving you the cutest gift in the world. But then I realized that is not possible because you yourself are the cutest gift in the world.”
    “Happy birthday to someone who is forever young!”
    “It’s birthday time again, and wow! You’re a whole year older now! So clown around and have some fun to make this birthday your best one. Happy birthday!”
    “Just wanted to be the first one to wish you happy birthday so I can feel superior to your other well-wishers. So, happy birthday!”
    “Congratulations on being even more experienced. I’m not sure what you learned this year, but every experience transforms us into the people we are today. Happy birthday!”
    “When the little kids ask how old you are at your party, you should go ahead and tell them. While they’re distracted trying to count that high, you can steal a bite of their cake! Happy birthday!”